Purpose of the problem set - PS1
The questions in this problem set are designed not only to give extra practice with the concepts from Lesson 1, but also to help you deepen your understanding of those concepts. Some of the questions will be tricky, and you're not expected to get every question right on the first try. The purpose is for you to learn, so have fun!


Reconstructing a final file

Suppose you had a file, called file.txt, and you made a copy of this file, named it updated.txt and made some changes to it. Next, suppose you ran diff -u file.txt updated.txt.

The contents of the original file and the output of the diff are below. Given this information, it is possible to reconstruct what the final contents of updated.txt must have been. On the next screen, enter these contents.



Behavior of git clone

If someone else gives you the location of their directory or repository, you can copy or clone it to your own computer.

This is true for both copying a directory and cloning a repository.

As you saw in the previous lesson, if you have a URL to a repository, you can copy it to your computer using git clone.

For copying a directory, you weren't expected to know this, but it is possible to copy a directory from one computer to another using the command scp, which stands for "secure copy". The name was chosen because the scp command lets you securely copy a directory from one computer to another. 


The history of changes to the directory or repository is copied.

This is true for cloning a repository, but not for copying a directory. The main reason to use git clone rather than copying the directory is because git clone will also copy the commit history of the repository. However, copying can be done on any directory, whereas git clone only works on a Git repository. 


If you make changes to the copied directory or cloned repository, the original will not change.

This is true for both copying a directory and cloning a repository. In both cases, you're making a copy that you can alter without changing the original. 


The state of every file in the directory or repository is copied.

This is true for both copying a directory and cloning a repository. In both cases, all the files are copied.

